feat(quickstarts): Laravel and Rails. (#20264)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/ruby-on-rails.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'
import StepHikeCompact from '~/components/StepHikeCompact'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Use Supabase with Ruby on Rails',
  subtitle:
    'Learn how to create a Rails project and connect it to your Supabase Postgres database.',
  breadcrumb: 'Framework Quickstarts',
}

<StepHikeCompact>

  <StepHikeCompact.Step step={1}>
    <StepHikeCompact.Details title="Create a Rails Project">

    Make sure your Ruby and Rails versions are up to date, then use `rails new` to scaffold a new Rails project. Use the `-d=postgresql` flag to set it up for Postgres.

>     For more details you can head over to the [Rails docs](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Go to the [Rails docs](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html) for more details.
```

    </StepHikeCompact.Details>

    <StepHikeCompact.Code>

     ```bash Terminal
     rails new blog -d=postgresql
     ```

    </StepHikeCompact.Code>

  </StepHikeCompact.Step>

  <StepHikeCompact.Step step={2}>
    <StepHikeCompact.Details title="Set up the Postgres connection details">

>     Head over to [database.new](https://database.new) and create a new Supabase project. Make sure to secure save your database password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Go to [database.new](https://database.new) and create a new Supabase project. Save your database password securely.
```

    When your project is up and running, navigate to the [database settings](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/settings/database) to find the URI connection string.

>     Rails ships with a Postgres adapter included, you can simply configure it via the environment variables. You can find the database URL in your [Supabase Dashboard](/dashboard/project/_/settings/database).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Rails ships with a Postgres adapter included. You can simply configure it with your Supabase environment variables.
```

    </StepHikeCompact.Details>

    <StepHikeCompact.Code>

    ```bash Terminal
    export DATABASE_URL=postgresql://postgres:[YOUR-PASSWORD]@db.[YOUR-PROJECT-REF].supabase.co:5432/postgres
    ```

    </StepHikeCompact.Code>

  </StepHikeCompact.Step>

  <StepHikeCompact.Step step={3}>
    <StepHikeCompact.Details title="Create and run a database migration">

>     Rails includes Active Record as the ORM as well as database migration tooling which generates the SQL migration files for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Rails includes Active Record as the ORM as well as database migration tooling which generates the SQL migration files for you.
    
    Create an example `Article` model and generate the migration files.
```

    </StepHikeCompact.Details>

    <StepHikeCompact.Code>

    ```bash Terminal
    bin/rails generate model Article title:string body:text
    bin/rails db:migrate
    ```

    </StepHikeCompact.Code>

  </StepHikeCompact.Step>

  <StepHikeCompact.Step step={4}>

>     <StepHikeCompact.Details title="Using a Model to Interact with the Database">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <StepHikeCompact.Details title="Use the Model to interact with the database">
```

>     You can use the included Rails console to interact with the database. For example you can create new entries or list all entries in a Model's table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can use the included Rails console to interact with the database. For example, you can create new entries or list all entries in a Model's table.
```

    </StepHikeCompact.Details>

    <StepHikeCompact.Code>

      ```bash Terminal
      bin/rails console
      ```

      ```rb irb
      article = Article.new(title: "Hello Rails", body: "I am on Rails!")
      article.save # Saves the entry to the database

      Article.all
      ```

    </StepHikeCompact.Code>

  </StepHikeCompact.Step>

  <StepHikeCompact.Step step={5}>
    <StepHikeCompact.Details title="Start the app">

>     Run the development server, go to http://127.0.0.1:3000 in a browser and see your application running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Run the development server. Go to http://127.0.0.1:3000 in a browser to see your application running.
```
